hey guys so today I have this limousine
in GTA 5 and I wanna test it out I mean
it's Sunday today so we need to have
some fun with like a limousine I'm sure
some days they are a special day could
be boring us help it also be a fun day
but I'm on there's parking lots here and
this is white I think it's maybe a
linking with you something but it's good
look at look at how big it is I mean you
can trip oh you can drift around with it
Wow making a doughnut with the limo okay
so I'm gonna try out here whoa holy shit
Oh fat girl cheeto Inga okay let's see
here oh no aah don't scratch my limo I
want to see how like you its fees we can
get up here because I really want to try
to
oh it's so awesome
BAM
you see here the front can we get that
off on this little vehicle as the f we
can scratch someone else car the
advantage with this one is that if the
cops or anyone is going to chase you
this kind of works like a mini bus
because it's so long so you'll be able
to block cars out like this BAM okay
that that was very weak but we do have a
police station down here thing no maybe
not oh that's so beautiful doesn't look
like I the guy through south as well so
very very good vehicle overall
and then I mean how do you get this Wow
oh my god I smack the guys vehicle
pretty hard I'm not sure how you get
access to this one you see because it's
it's like I think it's like cruising
around a little bit wow you can see how
big of an impact you can do you can
steal that it still holds I'm pretty
good here
Wow look at that the whole vehicle I
forget that wheel holy shit the fucking
trunk door what are you playing
yeah what you're trying to do oh oh my
god I should never ever seen that in GTA
the whole wheels go off patent and
spiced another vehicle wow that is fun
wow it's the phone vehicle and you can
see I see that everything is holding up
pretty good even though you can see that
little bit oh my god
you can get one of these you should
definitely pick it up to see how verse
is a boss okay don't go on a bus with
this one the steering is a little bit
off now
you see I see how hard you can smack
into all something's chasing my ass
oh yeah that will keep them off the
radar for a while here is it oh no my
scaring is pretty off now but I'm pretty
impressed by step how it holds up oh oh
my god
oh my god such an amazing vehicle we see
here how the cops can take me down if
they can oh my god love you piece of
shit
oh my god are they gonna catch me I
don't think so I mean oh no let's go all
throat
oh my god oh noooo okay imma see I can
attack him okay to see her can we get
the cops to go up
Oh
okay yeah you try to catch me you try to
catch me ok we can run this one go
control out now we can't i'm sure
oh my god let's see look at that wheel
oh oh my god but yeah you had three cops
there but it was actually I'm pretty
impressed by how good you can smack into
stuff and be like yeah